Add How-To guide for Foxglove Studio (free + open source app) (#2466)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/How-To-Guides/Visualizing-ROS-2-Data-With-Foxglove-Studio.rst

Visualizing ROS 2 data with Foxglove Studio
===========================================

`Foxglove Studio <https://foxglove.dev/studio>`__ is an open source visualization and debugging tool for your robotics data.

It is available in a variety of ways to make development as convenient as possible – it can be run as a standalone desktop app, accessed via your browser, or even self-hosted on your own domain.

View the source code on `GitHub <https://www.github.com/foxglove/studio>`__.

Installation
------------

To use the web app, simply open Google Chrome and navigate to `studio.foxglove.dev <https://studio.foxglove.dev>`__.

To use the desktop app for Linux, macOS, or Windows, download it directly from the `Foxglove Studio website <https://foxglove.dev/download>`__.

Connect to a data source
------------------------

On opening Foxglove Studio, you will see a dialog with a list of `all possible data sources <https://foxglove.dev/docs/studio/connection/data-sources>`__.

> To connect to your ROS 2 stack, click "Open connection", select the ROS 2 tab, and configure your ``ROS_DOMAIN_ID``.

Author: ```suggestion
To connect to your ROS 2 stack, click "Open connection", select the "Rosbridge (ROS 1 & 2)" tab, and configure your "WebSocket URL".
```

> You could also click "Open local file" to select any local ROS 2 ``.db3`` files to load into the application.

Author: ```suggestion
You could also drag-and-drop any local ROS 2 ``.db3`` files directly into the application to load them for playback.

NOTE: In order to `load custom message definitions in your ROS 2 files <https://github.com/ros2/rosbag2/issues/782>`, try converting them to the `MCAP file format <https://mcap.dev>`.
```

> Alternatively, you can drag-and-drop these files directly into Foxglove Studio.

Author: ```suggestion
```
